Search ' getTargetingMargarin ' of anything pops up ban (expands hitboxes)
First of all check their minecraft, what version, client etc. 
Here's some useful info when it comes to the clients itself. 

Lunar 1.19.3, 1.19.2, 1.19, 1.18.2, 1.18, 1.17.1, 1.17, 1.16.5 Are very unlikely to have a cheater on, As their client requires mappings that are harder for client developers to get.
Badlion All versions apart from 1.12, 1.17.1 Are very unlikely to have a cheater on.
Fabric based client Feather Fabric, Quilt, Fabric, Any fork of the Fabric that uses it's API can be used with Fabric mods Cheaters are able to use Mods/Addons on these clients to give themselves an advantage.
Forge based client Labymod, Feather Forge, Any client using Forge Modding API, Cheaters are able to use Mods/Addons on these clients to give themselves an advantage.
Other If you're completely unsure what client they're using etc, Just do the basics anyways.

Once you've done that, Check their mods folder by running either commands 

Feather Client
WIN + R » %USERPROFILE%\AppData\Roaming.feather\user-mods 
Minecraft Launcher 
WIN + R » %USERPROFILE%\AppData\Roaming.minecraft\mods 
Other
I'd recommend searching it up, shouldn’t be too hard.


Make sure you check the Date Modified part of each folder, if the following folders were modified while MC was running, you can ban the person. 
Minecraft Launcher Mods
Feather Client -> Feather Mods

When it comes to resource packs, check if the resourcepack folder was modified very recently, check for after they we're frozen especially. If there is any folders todo with mods/addons etc, things that shouldn't be modified normally when the games running. If those folders were modified that should be alarming. To check the recycling bin you can do:
WIN + R » "Control Folders" » View » "Hidden Files and Folders" » "Show hidden files, folders and drives" WIN + R » C:$Recycle.bin 
Once you've done that, You should be able to easily and effectively check the recycling bin.

Deleted Files, Injected DLLs, Decompile Mods 

To check what a mod contains etc, If the mod the player may be using has any type of self-destruct mechanism, Here's what you should do. 
Download Recaf
Run Recaf
Once you've opened it, drag the mod you suspect to be a cheat into the place where it says "Drop application [class/jar] to begin.” 
Go to Search Which is located at the top.
Once you're at Search Click on "Strings" where it says "String, Content of the string" Put in the value that could be in the client, For instance reach etc

Windows System 

Services 
The services we're allowed to ban for if their disabled include. 
Sysmain » Prefetch depends on it
Pcasvc » Helps us with file logging
DPS » Helps us with strings, timestamps etc
Dusmsvc » Needed for event logging, most forensics tools use it
Eventlog » Needed for event logging
Appinfo » Needed for providing info about most processes
BAM » Needed for providing info on background processes Recent.

This path will show the most recently used files, folders, etc. 
This is very simple to access. To do so simply run: 
WIN + R » Shell:recent 

Echo
If you own echo, run a quick echo scan through the person
Make sure to have all the echo strings from every possible client there is
If you are not sure ask another staff if there is one available at the moment
Warning: Echo can false flag a lot so be aware of the false flags^

USB
USB Cheating is known for using Doomsday, if you cannot find anything in the app Process Hacker 2 ( Doomsday Strings) and you do not own the Echo USB String try going into the Explorer and search for USB, also check their Notifications ( bottom right of taskbar)
Search ' getTargetingMargarin ' of anything pops up ban (expands hitboxes)